go-plugin (#47)
connylabs/ingest: README.md

	// Reset initializes or resets the state of the Nexter.
	// After Reset, calls of Next should retrieve all elements.
	Reset(context.Context) error

> 	// Next returns one SimpleCodec that represents an element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Next returns a *Codec that represents an element.
```
